hi this is another no tutorial I'm doing
um I finished the design currently but
everybody liked it so there's no
pretoria for that and I know you guys
notice my nails just being plain dat the
time I did have my beautiful green nail
polish on but I got a call for an
interview shortly so obviously I can
walk up in there with good or now so how
does that take them off and do something
that most corn me a good impression
anyways the color that I'm doing today
is this purple color and it's tryna
place in purple panic now apply two
coats already and I think I'm gonna do
yellow black lime green excuse me and
this white one kind of got the mixed up
at the end that's fine well the first
thing I'm going to do I'm going to take
the line green and oh it's really hard
for me to bend this all the way you have
to come over and do it but I want you
guys to get a good view okay we're gonna
create a little sort of like a V hotel
you guys from the middle just curve up
as much as you can it's nothing like
you're going to make a circle almost but
it's not really circle then you go up
you need to the same thing see now you
go on the other side and crap up again
like that and pick up some more paint
and you do it again shoulder something
like that okay
oh sorry for this raggedy shirt I just
well I just feel like dressing up
anyways um not if that's done they were
going to take our black Oh God maybe
these manufacturers need to work on
stuffing the brushes from falling off
the top of the polish but they're still
good okay now we're just gonna do random
lines just random places they'd have to
be the same place I decided to put mine
just random black lines like that see
that um keep in mind that i really don't
have any idea what I about to do I just
once I start designing I just keep going
and see what comes up okay now i'm
taking the yellow and making even more
random lines and i think right here i'm
gonna cross it off like that then I'm
going to come down here and go another
line I'm going to cross this one a small
and then another one here like that so
far and of course if your notes are a
lot smaller than the notes i'm working
with now which more than likely they
will be disproportionate your lines or
leave off the bottom design the bottom
section of the design okay i forgot to
mention on with using gold but i'm just
a glitter kind of person so I'm gonna
fill in the green line so that we drew
we thought going to curbing them
with that Anton's there's enough lines
in there already I think I'll just use
white dots instead of white striped bees
in there so let me go ahead and check
this open poor someone's on paper to use
my daughter remember if you don't have a
daughter a toothpick will be just fine
ok so I'm going to bring dots up here
coming out of this little be looking
shape back here spring them up like that
might want to dip some more and bring
some down from the top like that I just
have to be the same amount of dots every
time you decide the dots i mean the
otter the numbers night I mean otters
and the unemployment otter as an odd um
the better it will come out at the end
and I'm just gonna make two three dots
right there and even cheeks to stop
there you could keep going I think
that's a pretty good look and this is
the design hope you guys like it and I
like imagine i made this one before and
I don't really like it so there's no
tutorial for that and here it is hope
you like it